feat: adding card fingerprint example (#402)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/concepts/what-are-tokens.mdx

master data management of multiple user accounts. Token fingerprints are also used for automatic [deduplication](#deduplication) of tokens within a tenant.
For more details about fingerprinting, check out the [docs](/docs/expressions/fingerprints).

> In the following example show how to use our default fingerprinting capabilities on a Card token, and a custom fingerprint expression on a Generic Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples show how to use our default fingerprinting capabilities on a Card token and a custom fingerprint expression on a Generic Token.
```

<Tabs className="bt-tabs">
  <TabItem value="card" label="Card Example">

>     Card token's automatically fingerprint on the card number:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Card token is automatically fingerprint on the card number:
```
